# SoftwareSecurityProjectTwo

Artemis Financial is a financial institution looking for ways to upgrade their security through their software application. I believe running the dependency checks and viewing the reports to find potential vulnerabilities in their system was done very well. Coding securely plays a large part in keeping user data safe, unsecure code can be subject to hackers and risk a data breach. Software security can make or break a company’s relationship with its users. If a company suffers a data breach, it is very unlikely the users will want to stay with that company and potential new users may look to avoid a company with poor software security. The part I found most challenging was creating a certificate and running the local host on the web server. Adding the ability to run dependency checks allows the company to see potential vulnerabilities and take care of them in a timely manner. Mitigating security threats in the future can be done by running monthly dependency checks as well as making sure the company software is all up to date. Running multiple dependency checks after refactoring the code and comparing to the checks before refactoring allowed me to compare the reports and see any new vulnerabilities that arise. Using different tools, I learned in this course such as the certificate generator and dependency check reports can be helpful in the future. The use of the dependency reports and displaying an ability to find vulnerabilities in software is something I could show a future employer from this assignment.
